### Sprint 2 Retrospective for CSCE 331 Project 3
### Prepared by: Gabriel Floreslovo
### Meeting Date: 4/15/2024

## Meeting Attendees
- Adam Teo
- Akshay Belhe
- Aaron Mathews
- Chris Avila
- Margo Gongora
- Gabriel Floreslovo

## Agenda
- [x] What features are we all happiest with
- [x] What part of our features would we like to improve/tweak looking back
- [x] What parts of the user studies will we implement in our design moving forward
- [x] What do we feel were the biggest blockers/what went wrong during the sprint
- [x] What should we change to make those blockers disappear/general changes for next sprint
- [x] Any other new tasks (0 point tasks a.k.a chores) that we should add to our product backlog
- [x] Set time for Sprint 3 planning meeting

## Meeting Minutes

### Sprint 2 Retrospective for CSCE 331 Project 3
### Prepared by: Gabriel Floreslovo
### Meeting Date: 4/15/2024

## Meeting Attendees
- Adam Teo
- Akshay Belhe
- Aaron Mathews
- Chris Avila
- Margo Gongora
- Gabriel Floreslovo

## Agenda
- [x] What features are we all happiest with
- [x] What part of our features would we like to improve/tweak looking back
- [x] What parts of the user studies will we implement in our design moving forward
- [x] What do we feel were the biggest blockers/what went wrong during the sprint
- [x] What should we change to make those blockers disappear
- [x] Any other new tasks (0 point tasks a.k.a chores) that we should add to our product backlog
- [x] Set time for Sprint 3 planning meeting

## Meeting Minutes

### What features are we all happiest with
- Adam: translation, weather APIs, trends, paying with points with the employee side
- Akshay: point system and APIs
- Chris: APIs implemented and trends
- Margo: translate, point system was good
- Gabe: layout is nice, translate, weather, point and rewards ecosystem is good
- Aaron: nice layout and APIs as well

### What part of our features would we like to improve/tweak looking back
- Aaron: adding a dropdown for the item you want to change, changing other aspects of menu items, card for restock report
- Adam: use date picker for date ranges for trends
- Akshay: Delete entire item in order with an 'X' button
- Chris: Allergen information needs some tweaking on the customer side
- Margo: Select from a list of menu items in the database to update menu items
- Gabe: Making sure that the sign-up for customers works perfectly, show customers' past orders, make things less crowded

### What parts of the user studies will we implement in our design moving forward
- Aaron: Rev's logo taking user to the home page, customer ordering
- Adam: Ingredients should be formatted nicer
- Chris: Agree with Adam, some ingredients are not correct for menu items
- Margo: Got most things done, same as before
- Akshay: Implement item customization
- Gabe: Should add price when item is customized, so it shows in orders, similar to before

### What do we feel were the biggest blockers/what went wrong during the sprint
- Margo: Server and client issues, getting props for certain things, getting the data to the client from the server
- Adam: Google Translate API caused issues within the DOM that messed up Next.js
- Gabe: Refactor server side database calls to normal API calls, had a busy week and some things were hard to implement
- Aaron: Asked if moving functions to utils will remove server side calls
- Akshay: Working with the points system was hard and the logic alongside it was also challenging
- Chris: Google Translate was hard to work with in the beginning, but got through it

### What should we change to make those blockers disappear
- Adam: Had a busy week, blockers were expected. Made a document in the drive to track our product completeness so we know what to do for Sprint 3
- Chris: Not too sure, Sprint 2 had a really bad schedule and wouldn't be able to start earlier. Sprint 3 should change.
- Aaron: Forms were a blocker but figured it out, once date picker is finished then it should be good, no changes needed really, start earlier
- Margo: Working with the UI library's calendar component is a pain, and should look out for in next sprint, prioritize certain tasks over other items
- Akshay: Not much to add on to whatever was already mentioned
- Gabe: Tasks select didn't align too much to MVP goal, need to comb through our tasks and finish everything for the product. Get very detailed in the next planning meeting.

### Any other new tasks (0 point tasks a.k.a chores) that we should add to our product backlog 
- Gabe: A lot of chores already added, need to change price and inventory quantity
- Adam: Remove Google Translate loading circle, allow customers to make orders in the customer view page, change status of orders
- Margo: Bounds checking for date ranges
- Aaron: Already added to the document, 
- Chris: Allow customers to customize orders (ex. adding a patty)
- Akshay: Allows employees to remove items from order in receipt

### Set time for Sprint 3 planning meeting 
- 4/16/2024 8:30 PM